---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_access_policies Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages access policies.
---

# aembit_access_policies (Data Source)

Manages access policies.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `access_policies` (Attributes List) List of access policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--access_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policies`

Optional:

- `access_conditions` (List of String) Set of Access Conditions to enforce on the Access Policy.
- `trust_providers` (List of String) Set of Trust Providers to enforce on the Access Policy.

Read-Only:

- `client_workload` (String) Configured client workload of the access policy.
- `credential_provider` (String) Configured Credential Provider of the access policy.
- `credential_providers` (Attributes List) Set of Credential Providers to enforce on the Access Policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policies--credential_providers))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the access policy.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active/Inactive status of the access policy.
- `name` (String) Placeholder name of the access policy.
- `server_workload` (String) Configured server workload of the access policy.

<a id="nestedatt--access_policies--credential_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policies.credential_providers`

Required:

- `credential_provider_id` (String) ID of associated Credential Provider.
- `mapping_type` (String) Mapping type for the credential provider.

Optional:

- `account_name` (String) Name of the Snowflake account for the credential provider.
- `header_name` (String) Name of the header for the credential provider.
- `header_value` (String) Value of the header for the credential provider.
- `httpbody_field_path` (String) Field path in the HTTP body for the credential provider.
- `httpbody_field_value` (String) Field value in the HTTP body for the credential provider.
