---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_credential_providers Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an credential provider.
---

# aembit_credential_providers (Data Source)

Manages an credential provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `credential_providers` (Attributes List) List of credential providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers))

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers`

Optional:

- `aembit_access_token` (Attributes) Aembit Access Token type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--aembit_access_token))
- `aws_secrets_manager_value` (Attributes) AWS Secrets Manager Value type Credential Provider configuration. This type of credential provider supports secret values in plaintext or JSON formats. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--aws_secrets_manager_value))
- `aws_sts` (Attributes) AWS Security Token Service Federation type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--aws_sts))
- `azure_entra_workload_identity` (Attributes) Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--azure_entra_workload_identity))
- `azure_key_vault_value` (Attributes) Azure Key Vault Value type Credential Provider configuration. This type of credential provider supports secret values in plaintext format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--azure_key_vault_value))
- `google_workload_identity` (Attributes) Google Workload Identity Federation type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--google_workload_identity))
- `snowflake_jwt` (Attributes) JSON Web Token type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--snowflake_jwt))
- `tags_all` (Map of String) A map of all tags that are associated with the resource, including both user-defined tags and any provider-level default tags that are automatically applied. Changes to provider default tags will be reflected in this attribute after the next apply or refresh.
- `username_password` (Attributes) Username/Password type Credential Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--username_password))

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--api_key))
- `description` (String) User-provided description of the credential provider.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the credential provider.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active/Inactive status of the credential provider.
- `jwt_svid_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--jwt_svid_token))
- `managed_gitlab_account` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--managed_gitlab_account))
- `mcp_user_based_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--mcp_user_based_access_token))
- `name` (String) User-provided name of the credential provider.
- `oauth_authorization_code` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_authorization_code))
- `oauth_client_credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_client_credentials))
- `oidc_id_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--oidc_id_token))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are key-value pairs.
- `vault_client_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--vault_client_token))

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--aembit_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.aembit_access_token`

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) Audience of the Credential Provider.
- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime of the Credential Provider.
- `role_id` (String) Aembit Role ID of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--aws_secrets_manager_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.aws_secrets_manager_value`

Optional:

- `credential_provider_integration_id` (String) The unique identifier of the Credential Provider Integration of type AWS IAM Role.
- `private_network_access` (Boolean) Indicates that the AWS Secrets Manager is accessible via a private network only.
- `secret_arn` (String) ARN of the AWS Secrets Manager secret to be used by the Credential Provider.
- `secret_key_1` (String) Used when an AWS Secrets Manager secret object is in JSON format. Specifies a key of an element with the secret value.
- `secret_key_2` (String) Similar to `secret_key_1` but used when you need a credential provider to work with 2 secret values. For example, a username / password pair.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--aws_sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.aws_sts`

Optional:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (seconds) of the AWS Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `oidc_issuer` (String) OIDC Issuer for AWS IAM Identity Provider configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `role_arn` (String) AWS Role Arn to be used for the AWS Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.
- `token_audience` (String) Token Audience for AWS IAM Identity Provider configuration of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--azure_entra_workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.azure_entra_workload_identity`

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) Audience for Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `azure_tenant` (String) Azure Tenant ID for Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `client_id` (String) Azure Client ID for Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `oidc_issuer` (String) OIDC Issuer for Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `scope` (String) Scope for Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `subject` (String) Subject for JWT Token for Azure Entra Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--azure_key_vault_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.azure_key_vault_value`

Optional:

- `credential_provider_integration_id` (String) The unique identifier of the Credential Provider Integration of type Azure Entra Federation.
- `private_network_access` (Boolean) Indicates that the Azure Key Vault is accessible via a private network only.
- `secret_name_1` (String) Name of the Azure Key Vault secret to be used by the Credential Provider.
- `secret_name_2` (String) Similar to `secret_name_1` but used when you need a credential provider to work with 2 secret values. For example, a username / password pair.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--google_workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.google_workload_identity`

Optional:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (seconds) of the GCP Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) Audience for GCP Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `oidc_issuer` (String) OIDC Issuer for GCP Workload Identity Federation configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `service_account` (String) Service Account email of the GCP Session credentials requested by the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--snowflake_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.snowflake_jwt`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) Snowflake Account ID of the Credential Provider.
- `alter_user_command` (String) Snowflake Alter User Command generated for configuration of Snowflake by the Credential Provider.
- `username` (String) Snowflake Username of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.username_password`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the Credential Provider.
- `username` (String) Username of the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.api_key`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--jwt_svid_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.jwt_svid_token`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm_type` (String) JWT Signing algorithm type (RS256 or ES256)
- `audience` (String) Audience for JWT-SVID Token configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `custom_claims` (Attributes Set) Set of Custom Claims for the JWT Token (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--jwt_svid_token--custom_claims))
- `issuer` (String) Issuer claim for JWT-SVID Token configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `lifetime_in_minutes` (Number) Lifetime of the Credential Provider in minutes.
- `subject` (String) Subject for JWT Token for JWT-SVID Token configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `subject_type` (String) Type of value for the JWT Token Subject. Possible values are `literal` or `dynamic`.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--jwt_svid_token--custom_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.jwt_svid_token.custom_claims`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--managed_gitlab_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.managed_gitlab_account`

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (Number) The access level of authorization. Valid values: 0 (No Access), 5 (Minimal Access), 10 (Guest), 15 (Planner), 20 (Reporter), 30 (Developer), 40 (Maintainer), 50 (Owner).
- `credential_provider_integration_id` (String) The unique identifier of the credential provider integration.
- `group_ids` (Set of String) The set of GitLab group IDs.
- `lifetime_in_hours` (Number) Lifetime of the Credential Provider in hours.
- `project_ids` (Set of String) The set of GitLab project IDs.
- `scope` (String) Scope for Managed Gitlab Account configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `service_account_username` (String) The name of the GitLab service account used by the Credential Provider.


<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--mcp_user_based_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.mcp_user_based_access_token`

Read-Only:

- `callback_url` (String)
- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `custom_parameters` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--mcp_user_based_access_token--custom_parameters))
- `is_pkce_required` (Boolean)
- `mcp_server_url` (String)
- `oauth_authorization_url` (String)
- `oauth_introspection_url` (String)
- `oauth_token_url` (String)
- `resource` (String)
- `scopes` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--mcp_user_based_access_token--custom_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.mcp_user_based_access_token.custom_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_authorization_code"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.oauth_authorization_code`

Required:

- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (in seconds) of the OAuth Authorization Code credentials requested by the Credential Provider.

Read-Only:

- `callback_url` (String)
- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `custom_parameters` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_authorization_code--custom_parameters))
- `is_pkce_required` (Boolean)
- `lifetime_expiration` (String) ISO 8601 formatted Lifetime Expiration of the OAuth Authorization Code credentials requested by the Credential Provider. This expiration timer begins when the user successfully completes an authorization of the Credential Provider and will be set to the authorization time plus the Credential Provider Lifetime value at that moment.
- `oauth_authorization_url` (String)
- `oauth_discovery_url` (String)
- `oauth_introspection_url` (String)
- `oauth_token_url` (String)
- `scopes` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `user_authorization_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_authorization_code--custom_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.oauth_authorization_code.custom_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.oauth_client_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `credential_style` (String)
- `custom_parameters` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_client_credentials--custom_parameters))
- `scopes` (String)
- `token_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--oauth_client_credentials--custom_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.oauth_client_credentials.custom_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--oidc_id_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.oidc_id_token`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm_type` (String) JWT Signing algorithm type (RS256 or ES256)
- `audience` (String) Audience for OIDC ID Token configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `custom_claims` (Attributes Set) Set of Custom Claims for the JWT Token (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--oidc_id_token--custom_claims))
- `issuer` (String) OIDC Issuer for OIDC ID Token configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `lifetime_in_minutes` (Number) Lifetime of the Credential Provider in minutes.
- `subject` (String) Subject for JWT Token for OIDC ID Token configuration of the Credential Provider.
- `subject_type` (String) Type of value for the JWT Token Subject. Possible values are `literal` or `dynamic`.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--oidc_id_token--custom_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.oidc_id_token.custom_claims`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--vault_client_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.vault_client_token`

Read-Only:

- `custom_claims` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers--vault_client_token--custom_claims))
- `lifetime` (Number) Lifetime (in seconds) of the JWT Token used to authenticate to the Vault Cluster. Note: The lifetime of the retrieved Vault Client Token is managed within Vault configuration.
- `subject` (String)
- `subject_type` (String)
- `vault_forwarding` (String)
- `vault_host` (String)
- `vault_namespace` (String)
- `vault_path` (String)
- `vault_port` (Number)
- `vault_private_network_access` (Boolean)
- `vault_role` (String)
- `vault_tls` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--vault_client_token--custom_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.vault_client_token.custom_claims`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)
