---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_discovery_integrations Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a discovery integration.
---

# aembit_discovery_integrations (Data Source)

Manages a discovery integration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `discovery_integrations` (Attributes List) List of discovery integrations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_integrations))

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_integrations`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint to be used for performing the discovery integration.
- `type` (String) Type of discovery integration. Possible value is: `WizIntegrationApi`.

Optional:

- `is_active` (Boolean) Active status of the discovery integration.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are key-value pairs.
- `wiz_integration` (Attributes) Wiz Specific properties for the discovery integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_integrations--wiz_integration))

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) User-provided description for the discovery integration.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the discovery integration.
- `last_sync` (String) ISO 8601 formatted last sync date of the discovery integration.
- `last_sync_status` (String) Status for the last sync of the discovery integration.
- `name` (String) User-provided name for the discovery integration.
- `sync_frequency_seconds` (Number) Frequency(in seconds) to be used for synchronizing the discovery integration. Possible values; 300 to 3600

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_integrations--wiz_integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_integrations.wiz_integration`

Required:

- `audience` (String) Audience for the Wiz Endpoint of the discovery integration.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID for the Wiz Endpoint of the discovery integration.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret for the Wiz Endpoint of the discovery integration.
- `token_url` (String) Token URL for the Wiz Endpoint of the discovery integration.
