---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_server_workloads Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an server workload.
---

# aembit_server_workloads (Data Source)

Manages an server workload.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `server_workloads` (Attributes List) List of server workloads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_workloads))

<a id="nestedatt--server_workloads"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_workloads`

Optional:

- `tags_all` (Map of String) A map of all tags that are associated with the resource, including both user-defined tags and any provider-level default tags that are automatically applied. Changes to provider default tags will be reflected in this attribute after the next apply or refresh.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) User-provided description of the server workload.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the server workload.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active/Inactive status of the server workload.
- `name` (String) User-provided name of the server workload.
- `service_endpoint` (Attributes) Service endpoint details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_workloads--service_endpoint))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are key-value pairs.

<a id="nestedatt--server_workloads--service_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_workloads.service_endpoint`

Optional:

- `authentication_config` (Attributes) Service authentication details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_workloads--service_endpoint--authentication_config))
- `http_headers` (Map of String) HTTP Headers are key-value pairs.

Read-Only:

- `app_protocol` (String) protocol of the service endpoint.
- `external_id` (String) Unique identifier of the service endpoint.
- `host` (String) hostname of the service endpoint.
- `id` (Number) Number identifier of the service endpoint.
- `port` (Number) port of the service endpoint.
- `requested_port` (Number) requested port of the service endpoint.
- `requested_tls` (Boolean) requested tls of the service endpoint.
- `tls` (Boolean) tls of the service endpoint.
- `tls_verification` (String) tls verification of the service endpoint.
- `transport_protocol` (String) transport protocol of the service endpoint.
- `url_path` (String) URL path of the Server Workload service endpoint. <br>This value is only applicable when the `app_protocol` is set to `OAuth`.

<a id="nestedatt--server_workloads--service_endpoint--authentication_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_workloads.service_endpoint.authentication_config`

Read-Only:

- `config` (String) Service authentication config.
- `method` (String) Service authentication method.
- `scheme` (String) Service authentication scheme.
