---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_standalone_certificate_authorities Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a standalone certificate authority.
---

# aembit_standalone_certificate_authorities (Data Source)

Manages a standalone certificate authority.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `standalone_certificate_authorities` (Attributes List) List of standalone certificate authorities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--standalone_certificate_authorities))

<a id="nestedatt--standalone_certificate_authorities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `standalone_certificate_authorities`

Optional:

- `client_workload_count` (Number) Client workloads associated with the standalone certificate authority.
- `resource_set_count` (Number) Resource sets associated with the standalone certificate authority.
- `tags_all` (Map of String) A map of all tags that are associated with the resource, including both user-defined tags and any provider-level default tags that are automatically applied. Changes to provider default tags will be reflected in this attribute after the next apply or refresh.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) User-provided description of the standalone certificate authority.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the standalone certificate authority.
- `leaf_lifetime` (Number) Leaf certificate lifetime(in minutes) of the standalone certificate authority. Valid options; 60, 1440, 10080.
- `name` (String) User-provided name of the standalone certificate authority.
- `not_after` (String) ISO 8601 formatted not after date of the standalone certificate authority.
- `not_before` (String) ISO 8601 formatted not before date of the standalone certificate authority.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are key-value pairs.
