---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_trust_providers Data Source - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an trust provider.
---

# aembit_trust_providers (Data Source)

Manages an trust provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `trust_providers` (Attributes List) List of trust providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers))

<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers`

Read-Only:

- `aws_metadata` (Attributes) AWS Metadata type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_metadata))
- `aws_role` (Attributes) AWS Role type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_role))
- `azure_metadata` (Attributes) Azure Metadata type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--azure_metadata))
- `description` (String) User-provided description of the trust provider.
- `gcp_identity` (Attributes) GCP Identity type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--gcp_identity))
- `github_action` (Attributes) GitHub Action type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--github_action))
- `gitlab_job` (Attributes) GitLab Job type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--gitlab_job))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the trust provider.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active/Inactive status of the trust provider.
- `kerberos` (Attributes) Kerberos type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--kerberos))
- `kubernetes_service_account` (Attributes) Kubernetes Service Account type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--kubernetes_service_account))
- `name` (String) User-provided name of the trust provider.
- `oidc_id_token` (Attributes) OIDC ID Token type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--oidc_id_token))
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `terraform_workspace` (Attributes) Terraform Workspace type Trust Provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_providers--terraform_workspace))

<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.aws_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `account_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS Account IDs which are hosting the Client Workloads. Used only for cases where multiple AWS Account IDs can be matched.
- `architecture` (String)
- `availability_zone` (String)
- `availability_zones` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS Availability Zones which are hosting the Client Workloads. Used only for cases where multiple AWS Availability Zones can be matched.
- `billing_products` (String)
- `certificate` (String) PEM Certificate to be used for Signature verification
- `image_id` (String)
- `instance_id` (String)
- `instance_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS Instance IDs which are hosting the Client Workloads. Used only for cases where multiple AWS Instance IDs can be matched.
- `instance_type` (String)
- `instance_types` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS Instance Types which are hosting the Client Workloads. Used only for cases where multiple AWS Instance Types can be matched.
- `kernel_id` (String)
- `marketplace_product_codes` (String)
- `pending_time` (String)
- `private_ip` (String)
- `ramdisk_id` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `regions` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS Regions which are hosting the Client Workloads. Used only for cases where multiple AWS Regions can be matched.
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--aws_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.aws_role`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account that is hosting the Client Workload.
- `account_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS account IDs that are hosting the Client Workloads.
- `assumed_role` (String) The Name of the AWS IAM Role which is running the Client Workload.
- `assumed_roles` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS IAM Roles that are hosting the Client Workloads.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS IAM Role which is running the Client Workload.
- `role_arns` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS IAM Role ARNs that are hosting the Client Workloads.
- `username` (String) The UserID of the AWS IAM Account which is running the Client Workload (not commonly used).
- `usernames` (Set of String) The set of accepted AWS IAM Account UserIDs that are hosting the Client Workloads.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--azure_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.azure_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `sku` (String)
- `skus` (Set of String) The set of accepted Azure SKUs that are hosting the Client Workloads.
- `subscription_id` (String)
- `subscription_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted Azure Subscription IDs that are hosting the Client Workloads.
- `vm_id` (String)
- `vm_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted Azure VM IDs that are hosting the Client Workloads.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--gcp_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.gcp_identity`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The GCP Service Account email address associated with the resource.
- `emails` (Set of String) A set of GCP Service Account email addresses that are associated with the resource(s).


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--github_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.github_action`

Read-Only:

- `actor` (String) The GitHub Actor which initiated the GitHub Action.
- `actors` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitHub ID Token Actors which initiated the GitHub Action.
- `oidc_audience` (String) The audience value required for the GitHub Action ID Token.
- `oidc_client_id` (String) The OAuth Client ID value required for authenticating a GitHub Action.
- `repositories` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitHub ID Token Repositories which initiated the GitHub Action.
- `repository` (String) The GitHub Repository associated with the GitHub Action ID Token.
- `workflow` (String) The GitHub Workflow execution associated with the GitHub Action ID Token.
- `workflows` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitHub ID Token Workflows which initiated the GitHub Action.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--gitlab_job"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.gitlab_job`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_path` (String) The GitLab ID Token Namespace Path which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `namespace_paths` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitLab ID Token Namespace Paths which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `oidc_audience` (String) The audience value required for the GitLab Job ID Token.
- `oidc_client_id` (String) The OAuth Client ID value required for authenticating a GitLab Job.
- `oidc_endpoint` (String) The GitLab OIDC Endpoint used for validating GitLab Job generated ID Tokens.
- `project_path` (String) The GitLab ID Token Project Path which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `project_paths` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitLab ID Token Project Paths which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `ref_path` (String) The GitLab ID Token Ref Path which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `ref_paths` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitLab ID Token Ref Paths which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `subject` (String) The GitLab ID Token Subject which initiated the GitLab Job.
- `subjects` (Set of String) The set of accepted GitLab ID Token Subjects which initiated the GitLab Job.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--kerberos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.kerberos`

Read-Only:

- `agent_controller_ids` (Set of String)
- `principal` (String)
- `principals` (Set of String) The set of accepted Kerberos Principals of the authenticated Agent Proxy.
- `realm_domain` (String) The Kerberos Realm or ActiveDirectory Domain of the authenticated Agent Proxy.
- `realms_domains` (Set of String) The set of accepted Kerberos Realms or ActiveDirectory Domains which initiated the authenticated Agent Proxy.
- `source_ip` (String)
- `source_ips` (Set of String) The set of accepted Source IPs of the authenticated Agent Proxy.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--kubernetes_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.kubernetes_service_account`

Read-Only:

- `issuer` (String) The Issuer (`iss` claim) of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `issuers` (Set of String) The set of accepted Issuer values of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `jwks` (String) The JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) containing public keys used for signature verification.
- `namespace` (String) The Namespace of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `namespaces` (Set of String) The set of accepted Namespace values of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `oidc_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Endpoint from which Public Keys can be retrieved for verifying the signature of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `pod_name` (String) The Pod Name of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `pod_names` (Set of String) The set of accepted Pod Name values of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `public_key` (String) The Public Key that can be used to verify the signature of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `service_account_name` (String) The Service Account Name of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `service_account_names` (Set of String) The set of accepted Service Account Name values of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `subject` (String) The Subject (`sub` claim) of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.
- `subjects` (Set of String) The set of accepted Subject values of the Kubernetes Service Account Token.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--oidc_id_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.oidc_id_token`

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) The Audience (`aud` claim) of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `audiences` (Set of String) The set of accepted Audience values of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `issuer` (String) The Issuer (`iss` claim) of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `issuers` (Set of String) The set of accepted Issuer values of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `jwks` (String) The JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) containing public keys used for signature verification.
- `oidc_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Endpoint from which Public Keys can be retrieved for verifying the signature of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `public_key` (String) The Public Key that can be used to verify the signature of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `subject` (String) The Subject (`sub` claim) of the OIDC ID Token Token.
- `subjects` (Set of String) The set of accepted Subject values of the OIDC ID Token Token.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_providers--terraform_workspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_providers.terraform_workspace`

Read-Only:

- `organization_id` (String) The Organization ID of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `organization_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted Organization ID values of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `project_id` (String) The Project ID of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `project_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted Project ID values of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID of the calling Terraform Workspace.
- `workspace_ids` (Set of String) The set of accepted Workspace ID values of the calling Terraform Workspace.
