---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_access_policy Resource - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aembit_access_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_workload` (String) Client workload ID configured in the Access Policy.
- `server_workload` (String) Server workload ID configured in the Access Policy.

### Optional

- `access_conditions` (Set of String) Set of Access Conditions to enforce on the Access Policy.
- `credential_provider` (String, Deprecated) Credential Provider ID configured in the Access Policy.
- `credential_providers` (Attributes List) Set of Credential Providers to enforce on the Access Policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_providers))
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active/Inactive status of the Access Policy.
- `name` (String) Name for the Access Policy.
- `trust_providers` (Set of String) Set of Trust Providers to enforce on the Access Policy.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Access Policy.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers`

Required:

- `credential_provider_id` (String) ID of credential provider.
- `mapping_type` (String) Mapping type for the credential provider.

Optional:

- `account_name` (String) Name of the snowflake account for the credential provider.
- `header_name` (String) Name of the header for the credential provider.
- `header_value` (String) Value of the header for the credential provider.
- `httpbody_field_path` (String) Field path in the HTTP body for the credential provider.
- `httpbody_field_value` (String) Field value in the HTTP body for the credential provider.
- `policy_id` (String) ID of access policy
