---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aembit_access_condition Resource - terraform-provider-aembit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aembit_access_condition (Resource)

Resource to create and manage Access Conditions in a Aembit Cloud tenant.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "aembit_integration" "crowdstrike" {
	name = "Crowdstrike Integration"
	is_active = true
	type = "CrowdStrike"
	sync_frequency = 3600
	endpoint = "https://endpoint"
	oauth_client_credentials = {
		token_url = "https://url/token"
		client_id = "client_id"
		client_secret = "client_secret"
		audience = "audience"
	}
}

resource "aembit_access_condition" "crowdstrike" {
	name = "Crowdstrike Conditions"
	is_active = true
	integration_id = aembit_integration.crowdstrike.id
	crowdstrike_conditions = {
		max_last_seen = 3600
		match_hostname = true
		match_serial_number = true
		prevent_rfm = true
		match_mac_address = true
		match_local_ip = true
	}
}


resource "aembit_integration" "wiz" {
	name = "Wiz Integration"
	is_active = true
	type = "WizIntegrationApi"
	sync_frequency = 3600
	endpoint = "https://endpoint"
	oauth_client_credentials = {
		token_url = "https://url/token"
		client_id = "client_id"
		client_secret = "client_secret"
		audience = "audience"
	}
}

resource "aembit_access_condition" "wiz" {
	name = "Wiz Conditions"
	is_active = true
	integration_id = aembit_integration.wiz.id
	wiz_conditions = {
		max_last_seen = 3600
		container_cluster_connected = true
	}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `integration_id` (String) Reference to the Integration used for this Access Condition.
- `name` (String) Name for the Access Condition.

### Optional

- `crowdstrike_conditions` (Attributes) CrowdStrike Specific rules for the Access Condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--crowdstrike_conditions))
- `description` (String) Description for the Access Condition.
- `geoip_conditions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geoip_conditions))
- `is_active` (Boolean) Active status of the Access Condition.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are key-value pairs.
- `time_conditions` (Attributes) Defines the conditions for scheduling based on time, including specific time slots and timezone settings for the Access Condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_conditions))
- `wiz_conditions` (Attributes) Wiz Specific rules for the Access Condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wiz_conditions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Access Condition.

<a id="nestedatt--crowdstrike_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `crowdstrike_conditions`

Required:

- `match_hostname` (Boolean) The condition requires that managed hosts have a hostname which matches the CrowdStrike identified hostname.
- `match_serial_number` (Boolean) The condition requires that managed hosts have a system serial number which matches the CrowdStrike identified serial number.
- `max_last_seen` (Number) The maximum number of seconds since the managed Cluster was last seen by CrowdStrike.
- `prevent_rfm` (Boolean) The condition requires that managed hosts not be in CrowdStrike Reduced Functionality Mode.

Optional:

- `match_local_ip` (Boolean) The condition requires that managed hosts have a local IP that matches the CrowdStrike-identified local or connection IP.
- `match_mac_address` (Boolean) The condition requires that managed hosts have a MAC address which matches the CrowdStrike identified MAC address.


<a id="nestedatt--geoip_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geoip_conditions`

Required:

- `locations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geoip_conditions--locations))

<a id="nestedatt--geoip_conditions--locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geoip_conditions.locations`

Required:

- `country_code` (String) A list of two-letter country code identifiers (as defined by ISO 3166-1) to allow as part of the validation for this access condition.

Optional:

- `subdivisions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geoip_conditions--locations--subdivisions))

<a id="nestedatt--geoip_conditions--locations--subdivisions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geoip_conditions.locations.subdivisions`

Required:

- `subdivision_code` (String) A list of subdivision identifiers (as defined by ISO 3166) to allow as part of the validation for this access condition.




<a id="nestedatt--time_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_conditions`

Required:

- `schedule` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_conditions--schedule))
- `timezone` (String) Timezone value such as America/Chicago, Europe/Istanbul

<a id="nestedatt--time_conditions--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_conditions.schedule`

Required:

- `day` (String) Day of Week, for example: Tuesday
- `end_time` (String) The end time of the schedule in 24-hour format (HH:mm), e.g., '18:00' for 6:00 PM.
- `start_time` (String) The start time of the schedule in 24-hour format (HH:mm), e.g., '07:00' for 7:00 AM.



<a id="nestedatt--wiz_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wiz_conditions`

Required:

- `container_cluster_connected` (Boolean) The condition requires that managed Clusters be defined as Container Cluster Connected by Wiz.
- `max_last_seen` (Number) The maximum number of seconds since the managed Cluster was last seen by Wiz.


